Domain Name: enti.cat
Registry Domain ID: 1201226-D
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.dinahosting.com
Registrar URL: https://dinahosting.com
Updated Date: 2023-06-28T07:40:39.214Z
Creation Date: 2013-02-27T16:45:52.819Z
Registry Expiry Date: 2024-02-27T16:45:52.819Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 
Registrar: Dinahosting s.l.
Registrar IANA ID: 1262
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse-domains@dinahosting.com
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +34.981040200
Reseller: 
Domain Status: clientDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientDeleteProhibited
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: 
Registrant Name: 
Registrant Organization: U.COLLEGE OF NEW TECHNOLOGIES, S.L.
Registrant Street: 
Registrant City: 
Registrant State/Province: Girona
Registrant Postal Code: 
Registrant Country: ES
Registrant Phone: 
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: 
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: Please query the Whois service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Admin ID: 
Admin Name: 
Admin Organization: 
Admin Street: 
Admin City: 
Admin State/Province: 
Admin Postal Code: 
Admin Country: 
Admin Phone: 
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: 
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: Please query the Whois service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Tech ID: 
Tech Name: 
Tech Organization: 
Tech Street: 
Tech City: 
Tech State/Province: 
Tech Postal Code: 
Tech Country: 
Tech Phone: 
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: 
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: Please query the Whois service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Registry Billing ID: 
Billing Name: 
Billing Organization: 
Billing Street: 
Billing City: 
Billing State/Province: 
Billing Postal Code: 
Billing Country: 
Billing Phone: 
Billing Phone Ext: 
Billing Fax: 
Billing Fax Ext: 
Billing Email: Please query the Whois service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Name Server: ns2.gestiondecuenta.com
Name Server: ns.gestiondecuenta.com
Name Server: ns4.gestiondecuenta.com
Name Server: ns3.gestiondecuenta.com
DNSSEC: unsigned
Canonical Name: enti.cat
IDN Tag: ca
URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of Whois database: 2023-11-22T11:42:43.294Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

Terms and Conditions of Use

The data in this record is provided by puntCAT for informational
purposes only. puntCAT does not guarantee its accuracy and cannot,
under any circumstances, be held liable in case the stored information would
prove to be wrong, incomplete or not accurate in any sense.

All the domain data that is visible in the Whois service is protected by
law. It is not permitted to use it for any purpose other than technical or
administrative requirements associated with the operation of the Internet.
It is explicitly forbidden to extract, copy and/or use or re-utilise in any
form and by any means (electronically or not) the whole or a quantitatively
or qualitatively substantial part of the contents of the Whois database
without prior and explicit written permission by puntCAT It is
prohibited, in particular, to use it for transmission of unsolicited and/or
commercial and/or advertising by phone, fax, e-mail or for any similar
purposes.

By maintaining the connection you assure that you have a legitimate interest
in the data and that you will only use it for the stated purposes. You are
aware that puntCAT maintains the right to initiate legal
proceedings against you in the event of any breach of this assurance and to
bar you from using its Whois service.

End of Whois record.
